feat: spartacus/skills library (#21534)
SAP/spartacus: core-libs/skills/skills/spartacus-developer/SKILL.md

---
name: spartacus-developer

> description: Use this skill whenever working in a SAP Spartacus (SAP Commerce Cloud composable storefront) Angular application — building or customizing storefront components, services, routing, CMS component wiring, configuration, state, i18n, styling, SSR, or backend integration. Spartacus diverges significantly from standard Angular patterns; this skill and its sub-topic files capture the Spartacus-specific rules to follow. Read the sub-topic whose trigger applies before writing or changing code.

Reviewer: [MEDIUM][skill content]
1. In a fresh app with this AI skill I asked Claude Opus "implement CDC integration and instead of activating this skill it went ahead and read files inside `node_modules/@spartacus/skills`.

The skills description is the most impactful part of the skill - we are sure it is always loaded into the context. But AI tool likely will never read `README.md` attached besides the skill.

So I suggest to put the information "use this skill instead `node_modules/@spartacus/skills`" in a place that is visible to an agent. I'm not sure if inside the description, though.

2. In fresh app with this AI skill I asked Claude Opus "implement product comparison feature" and it didn't activate the skill.

So I suggest to be more persuasive in the description of our skill - to use this skill in general in the Spartacus app. This skill is just a "wiki index". IMHO its important that AI tool has this index in the context.

Proposal:

```suggestion
description: use this skill in a SAP Spartacus app (SAP Commerce Cloud composable storefront) Angular application instead of `node_modules/@spartacus/skills` — for storefront features, components, services, routing, CMS component wiring, configuration, state, i18n, styling, SSR, or backend integration. Spartacus diverges significantly from standard Angular patterns; this skill and its sub-topic files capture the Spartacus-specific rules to follow. Read the sub-topic whose trigger applies before writing or changing code.
```

What do you think about it?

license: Apache-2.0
compatibility: Targets SAP Spartacus 2211.x and later.
metadata:
  version: "1.0"
---

# Spartacus Storefront — AI Development Guidelines

> This is a Spartacus (SAP Commerce Cloud) storefront application. Spartacus has its own architecture that differs significantly from standard Angular patterns; the rules below capture where it diverges.

Reviewer: [MINOR]
Do we really need to repeat this sentence? it's already in the `description` (which is the most impactful part of the skill already - always taken into the context)
